***Anti-Pattern*** 
Count: 0

***Patterns*** 
Count: 27
/v2/oauth/token	Standard End-point	
/v2/oauth/pin	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveMediaListEntry	Standard End-point	
v2/UpdateMediaListEntries	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteMediaListEntry	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteCustomList	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveTextActivity	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveListActivity	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteActivity	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleActivityPin	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleActivitySubscription	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveActivityReply	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteActivityReply	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleLike	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleLikeV2	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleFollow	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleFavourite	Standard End-point	
v2/UpdateFavouriteOrder	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveReview	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteReview	Standard End-point	
v2/RateReview	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveRecommendation	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveThread	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteThread	Standard End-point	
v2/ToggleThreadSubscription	Standard End-point	
v2/SaveThreadComment	Standard End-point	
v2/DeleteThreadComment	Standard End-point	
