***Anti-Pattern*** 
Count: 0

***Patterns*** 
Count: 27
/v2/oauth/token 	 Version Found
/v2/oauth/pin 	 Version Found
v2/SaveMediaListEntry 	 Version Found
v2/UpdateMediaListEntries 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteMediaListEntry 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteCustomList 	 Version Found
v2/SaveTextActivity 	 Version Found
v2/SaveListActivity 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteActivity 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleActivityPin 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleActivitySubscription 	 Version Found
v2/SaveActivityReply 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteActivityReply 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleLike 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleLikeV2 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleFollow 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleFavourite 	 Version Found
v2/UpdateFavouriteOrder 	 Version Found
v2/SaveReview 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteReview 	 Version Found
v2/RateReview 	 Version Found
v2/SaveRecommendation 	 Version Found
v2/SaveThread 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteThread 	 Version Found
v2/ToggleThreadSubscription 	 Version Found
v2/SaveThreadComment 	 Version Found
v2/DeleteThreadComment 	 Version Found
