***Anti-Pattern*** 
Count: 0

***Patterns*** 
Count: 27
/v2/oauth/token	 Self-descriptive End-point
/v2/oauth/pin	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveMediaListEntry	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/UpdateMediaListEntries	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteMediaListEntry	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteCustomList	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveTextActivity	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveListActivity	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteActivity	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleActivityPin	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleActivitySubscription	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveActivityReply	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteActivityReply	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleLike	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleLikeV2	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleFollow	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleFavourite	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/UpdateFavouriteOrder	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveReview	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteReview	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/RateReview	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveRecommendation	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveThread	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteThread	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/ToggleThreadSubscription	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/SaveThreadComment	 Self-descriptive End-point
v2/DeleteThreadComment	 Self-descriptive End-point
