***Anti-Pattern*** 
Count: 0

***Patterns*** 
Count: 21
v2/applications/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/artists/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/artworks/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/bidders/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/bidder_positions/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/bids/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/collection_items/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/collections?user_id=USER_ID&private=true 	 Version Found
v2/edition/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/fairs/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/genes/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/images/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/partners/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/profiles/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/sales 	 Version Found
v2/search?q=Andy+Warhol 	 Version Found
v2/shows/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/status 	 Version Found
v2/user_details/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/users/{id} 	 Version Found
v2/current_user 	 Version Found
