***Anti-Pattern*** 
Count: 0

***Patterns*** 
Count: 21
v2/applications/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/artists/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/artworks/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/bidders/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/bidder_positions/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/bids/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/collection_items/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/collections?user_id=USER_ID&private=true	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/edition/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/fairs/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/genes/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/images/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/partners/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/profiles/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/sales	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/search?q=Andy+Warhol	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/shows/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/status	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/user_details/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/users/{id}	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
v2/current_user	Standard End-point	Standard Endpoint
